Privacy Policy

"Game Meridian Studios" built the "Petrol Station King 3D" app as an Ad Supported app. This 
App is provided by at no cost and is intended for use as is.
 

This privacy policy is used to inform you regarding policies with the collection, use, and 
disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use this Service.


1. Overview

The app uses advertising (and in app payments) to make revenue. The app uses third party
libraries for advertising which may collect and share personal information with third
parties.

Links to privacy policies of third party service providers used in the app

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google Play Games: https://policies.google.com/privacy


2. Sharing Your Information

The developer will share personal information with third parties only in the ways that are 
described in this privacy statement.

Your personal information may be disclosed:
* As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
* To any other third party with your prior consent to do so.


3. Collection of information

3.1 Identifiers
Device ID: Such as the device`s advertising identifier, or other device- level ID.

3.2 Usage Data

Product Interaction: Such as app launches, taps, clicks, scrolling information, music listening data, 
video views, saved place in a game, video, or song, or other information about how the user interact with the app.
Advertising Data: Such as information about the advertisements the user has seen. see Article 3.4 for additional information.
Other Usage Data: Any other about user activity in the app.

3.3 Diagnostics

Crash Data: Such as crash Logs.
Performance Data: Such as launch time, hang rate, energy use.
Other Diagnostic Data: Any data collected for the purposes of measuring technical diagnostics.

3.4 Advertising Information

Third-Party Advertising: Such as displaying third - party ads in your app, or sharing data with entities who display third-party ads.
Developer`s Advertising  of Marketing: Such as displaying first -party ads in your app, sending marketing communications directly to your users, or
sharing data with entries who will display your ads.
Analytics: Using data to evaluate user behavior, including to understand the effectiveness of exiting production features, or measure audience size or characteristics.
App Functionality: Such as to authenticate the user, enable features, prevent fraud, implement security measures, ensure server up-time, minimize app crashes, improve scalability and performance, or perform customer support. 



4. Security

I am striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting your Personal
Information. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of 
electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute
security.


5. Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you 
will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me.
Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have 
no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or 
practices of any third-party sites or services.


6. Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 16. I do not knowingly collect 
personally identifiable information from children under 16. In the case I discover that 
a child under 16 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete those 
information. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has
provided personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary
actions.


7. Distribution

The only official channel for distribution of this app are:
* Google Play Store                https://play.google.com/

Any other mode of distribution is not official and thus, is not maintained by the developer.
This privacy policy is effective to distribution made on official channel only.


8. Changes to This Privacy Policy

This policy may be updated from time to time.


Contact me

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact me.

game(dot)meridian(dot)studio(at)gmail(dot)com
